absurd is absurd ism there is no
boat next to me I have got it all
wise developed to the fullest and I am
pulling more planes at me than me at him
and it is only to say inferior
but pond of the planes to the water
that happens sometimes is not logical and more
had somewhere going to see if
I arrive to all of their places
I'm going for the battleship that's here in
g1
And it is
the pure torpedoes
record recall and I have not seen them
when I do not believe it
I lose I lose not know me
does not matter
how is the fuck
but my planes should arrive before
that less aniquilen I hope you know
good
hello my friend is to eat torpedoes
you're going to eat three at least who says
who says 3 says 6 that simple
how it is put at the beginning
and that in 16 it also says that you're going to
also eat these two people
ah
sorry
poor with fifty and fifty three
thousand 900 of the year so well it 's that easy
easy
now you can advance us
today
that amount there we are in saipan
but I'm I'm re arming the planes
I'm going to advance a little bit
but I take advantage of them I will not bring them
still the fighters
I'll wait for emptying first and
is
there are times that it is better to fill them and
although it is even though they have but
yours are recharging or something like that is
better to take advantage
is that you should not have omaha
when aircraft carrier already there but there is one
that at least they should not be left
sure, let's go
so that it has not come down
Now when I leave here I'm going to
melt at 6 pam
good a remover
they know
and the moat I think that will take away
it's my turn
in the distance 600
you are worth
for a set of houses right now
behind mine of mine that are
good of you well well together behind
if two come in fact if you attend the
loads better than better
to carry the attack but also
when they come when they come
it seems to me that they have seen what is
approached and have said that nanai after the
battleship this one had in front is going to
disappear now they begin to approach
I think
and now now it's going now
jo jo jo jo jo jo jo lad
Hello
it only makes thick strips of said one not
you eat but five at least and hala
13 impacts for almost 4,000 years each
of the moment almost 60,000 is not bad
we go
I'm going to give you support with the fighters in case
are you going
the pikolin pedrosa thrown against me
pound
but that are all by shopkeepers
loading
would have to try to go for those of b
in fact I think I will go directly
already
to send
that bombards you in your faith a
cookie
well look
or your independence your there are bread are in
in j 1
hewitt
nothing nothing nothing is won
by 980 there are about 5 seconds left
departure
to see if we are going to get it going
arrive
come we arrived
come on let's go
for me
perfect
perfect perfect perfect